Add detail to Toolchain auto-provisioning docs (#18927)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/jvm/toolchains.adoc

If Gradle can't find a locally available toolchain which matches the requirements of the build, it will automatically try to download it from AdoptOpenJDK.
By default, it will request a HotSpot JDK matching the current operating system and architecture.
Provisioned JDKs are installed in the <<directory_layout.adoc#dir:gradle_user_home,Gradle User Home directory>>.

[NOTE]
====
Gradle will only download JDK versions for GA releases.
There is no support for downloading early access versions.
====

Once a provisioned JDK has been installed in the <<directory_layout.adoc#dir:gradle_user_home,Gradle User Home directory>> it becomes one of the JDKs visible to <<#sec:auto_detection,auto detection>>

> and can be used by any subsequent builds, just like any other JDK install of the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and can be used by any subsequent builds, just like any other JDK installed on the system.
```
